PixelMatchMaker
===============

This project has a funny story behind it. Allow me to relay it to you.

Pixel People is a cool game for iOS of the "-Ville" genre, i.e., a game where you have a fictional village/farm/kingdom/settlement and you have to build stuff to generate resources and things get progressively harder and (in the bad case) the game starts to coerce some sort of fictional currency on you(gotten by means of real currency, of course). Fortunately, Pixel People plays well without trying to make you waste money every two steps, so it's cool. But I digress. The game pretty much relies on combining people of different professions to create other professions.

There is a game aspect that involves pairing two of your city's inhabitants to produce hearts, that will be exchanged by bonuses(especially animals to populate your atmospherical utopia). And when you pair two ciyfolk that are compatible(i.e., they can be combined), you get golden hears, which are better(of course). The problem lies in finding how to combine these people when there are 200+ professions in the game. I realized doing it by head(looking up in a table and making adjustments on the go) would be possible, but really slow. And then I realized:

"Hey! I'm a computer scientist! I can make a program to do that!"

And indeed I will(or have done, depending on when you're reading this)! This problem, after all, is pretty much reduceable to finding subgraphs of size 2 in a graph generated by this game's profession table! Sure, it's probably not trivial to find the optimal combination -- i.e., the one that leaves the least people unmatched --, but that will be a challenge for me to take and overcome.

And, as I usually say, if all else fails, it will probably be pretty fun! :D
